Fix/Media Skip Indicators reset cases (#247)
smartdevicelink/sdl_hmi_integration_guidelines: docs/UI/SetMediaClockTimer/index.md

3. Initially, the appID together with other application-related information is provided by SDL within one of _UpdateAppList_ and _OnAppRegistered_ RPCs.   
!!!

!!! NOTE

> By default the seek indicators should be `TRACK` when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `forwardSeekIndicator` and `backSeekIndicator` should be set to `TRACK`. The HMI should reset these values to `TRACK` when:
```
For a bit more clarity
